Update README.md (#76)
ADAH-EviDENce/evidence: README.md

Frontend should now be usable at [``http://localhost:8080``](http://localhost:8080).

> We strongly suggest not making the frontend available publicly as we do not have autentication. Anyone that knows the url may have an access to the frontend.

> Running it on local network, for example university network, should be protected enough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running it on local network, for example university network, should be protected from most evil-doers.
```
